Hey hi welcome back I'm Chris Wallace
from walnut Hollow and we're talking
about the creative versatile last time
we talked about the instruction sheet
that comes inside and it shows the
different versa temp zones for the
temperature control you have that
control also on the back of your
packaging and are the information about
the versa temp domes and the important
part about the zones is that you set it
to for the appropriate surface that
you're working on so if you're working
on leather you will turn the dial to the
yellow section and it's a lower
temperature if you're working on cork
because you can actually burn on cork or
if you're adding iron on embellishments
to something you'll want a little bit of
a higher temperature for working on
fabrics or cutting stencils for some of
the wood burning you'll go to the orange
zone and then for foam core board
cutting working on some papers for
soldering or wood burning you'll want to
be on the red zone so that the zones are
shown on your your versa temp control
temperature control and when it's turned
off you are over by those the Oh which
is a universal symbol for off and you'll
hear a click once you turn the
temperature control on and then you can
turn the dial so you want to make sure
that your temperature control is always
off before you plug it in you will take
your tool itself tape down the tool and
onto your work surface and then place
your tool onto the
and and then you will take the cord and
plug it into your outlet once that's
done and you can turn your versa temp
control dial to whatever temperature
you're going to be needing for the
surface you're working on thanks for
watching come back again